Good Day

I'm Chriswell Maluleke, and this is my AWS re/Start repo showacasing my knowledge and understanding of core cloud computing concepts and technologies. A lot of it, will be broken down , topic by topic in a bite size manner.
This readme file is something a bit different, it about Chriswell and not AWS nor cloud computing. Chriswell is a dedicated, humble and driven individual. Having started his journey by learning basic programming languages such as HTML, CSS and Javascript with a focus on web development and further learnign about a bit of Python for Data analysis,SQL for Database management and creation with MYSQL and learning a bit about MERN Full stack.
Chriswell also has a passion about Cybsecurity, having completed a Google Cybersecurity Professional Certificate and adding to his knowledge by enrolling to more courses. His primary passion is cloud computing and Cybersecurity with the hopes of entering the security domain one day.
Chriswell has been exposed to the internet as early as when he was in grade 4, having to do research for his Grade 4 projects and havign to type out the research about unique geological locations for his Geology project on MS Word. Technology has always been close to him, from the earliest blackberries, first smart phones even the shift from data dongles to Wifi Routers and Fibre. It's been part of his life and the fascination grew more and more.
In this phase, he's decided to venture into the tech industry and find his place. Determined, hungry and disciplined he belives dreams are a matter of time, with patience you can acheive your goals and be fulfilled.
